and very good to all guys how are you
great and good in this video os
I bring a tutorial on how to play
custom missions in the monster
hunter 4
it works in any version and in
any behind that is worth the first
we go to this address ip sorry to
this address
and I'll leave it in the comments and we
download the version that belongs to you
according to your computer if I am link a
32 64 mac osx
32 64 or windows
ok I'm windows 32 bit so I'll
downloads win32 is also on 64 hours
to download very simple you give the
that is and you give here to the arrow of
is
and the heavy discharge starts over 20
amagá
ok here is downloaded heavy 24 mega
from script right button and you give him
bring here the genres of a folder
that is going to be called like that of windows 32 bit
they were called without win bar already 32
it's worth once you have this
I opened it and it gives ya víctor point is that
he executes it and has no danger
I have avante and vibrated activated does not pass
nothing and the mission editor will come out
ok there are some dates to bolivia but no
I have time to download it to sound and
love that so
good to the started will appear here that
drag and a mission to edits
and you can get it from the internet
I will also leave in the description of
video the mission pack
ok here I have a handful of missions
all these are japanese
and I have the missions are
europe that are here
OK
I'll leave you two and you download
the ones you want
and meteis
It's as simple as taking a
japanese
the last house lillo the catch the harrow
to the editor and he puts it
OK later
Let's go slowly now in the edition
in the emission that you have solido you give to
edit
what is the age
and here you can edit the mission to your
taste
is for example you have to kill a
fatality clinton
I do not know if I do not know what fatality
the last case mess to do it
armor also seems
and here you can imitate everything that gives
in this case 257 thousand 905 but good this
you can see it
OK
up here to bring up the preview
to be able to edit this to our liking
the header here you can modify it in the
awards things nothing if the objectives the
monsters that are going to come out you can add
more monsters
depending on the attack the life to the
defense and so on
OK
Here you can see what
what's in the box
of the mission when you start the mission
what there is to give you everything is in
English but it's very intuitive here what
after all
at the end of the mission it is worth
you can edit it to your liking
example is that you have 5%
you can put it in 99 let's say and
probability 99
to your liking
ok let's go to a simpler mission not
I going to keep it
He had eliminated why not
it's worth this mission I edited him
especially from scratch almost and good
to make your own mission you have
what to give to new cast
although this is better now for
to download it to be able to
download the mission
so you have to go to yours after s
the internet settings that are
adjusts
then it gives you the internet connection
you need is to have william the on
go to the connection that you have with this
engine people to download missions
in my case to bolt connection one gives you already
connection one
it gives you to modify settings
he gives the little arrow to this one
and here it is already served but if in the
server but it does indicate jce
forgotten settings but yes yes they are
it does not give them since if you give
advanced
here you give click will be blank
and team 0 you give forgotten but if
you put the address the editor's cau
in this case 172 point 26 points 21
points 193
here I have it
then you give the port and change by
this number
8,084.00
and you have everything ready to download
admission
once you have everything planned you
you can be but yes
to say the same thing it detects and gives it already
allows access
that it was a fictitious proxy server
and you only have to turn on your 3ds
access the mission forgiveness access to
download section will take a while in
start the event and download the
emission you want
It is very simple and once
downloaded depends on how you are
configured if you have it
haji rain or war
for example, you are on a star day
OK
from seven stars
is from 1 to 2 to 3 and forgiveness by day
odd idea worth it is very simple boy
I hope you know how to do it any
doubt you leave me in comment
this is the mission of
of an amulet's fist
worth 150 amulets and good only to all and
goodbye